# 2. Conformance Notation

Normative text is text that describes elements of the design that are
indispensable or contains the conformance language keywords: "**shall**",
"**should**", or "**may**". Informative text is text that is potentially helpful
to the user, but not indispensable, and can be removed, changed, or added
editorially without affecting interoperability. Informative text does not
contain any conformance keywords.

All text in this document is, by default, normative, except: Introduction, any
section explicitly labeled as "Informative" or individual paragraphs that start
with "Note:"

The keywords "**shall**" and "**shall not**" indicate requirements strictly to
be followed in order to conform to the document and from which no deviation is
permitted.

The keywords, "**should**" and "**should not**" indicate that, among several
possibilities, one is recommended as particularly suitable, without mentioning
or excluding others; or that a certain course of action is preferred but not
necessarily required; or that (in the negative form) a certain possibility or
course of action is deprecated but not prohibited.

The keywords "**may**" and "**need not**" indicate courses of action permissible
within the limits of the document.

The keyword "**reserved**" indicates a provision that is not defined at this
time, shall not be used, and may be defined in the future. The keyword
"**forbidden**" indicates "**reserved**" and in addition indicates that the
provision will never be defined in the future.

A conformant implementation according to this document is one that includes all
mandatory provisions ("shall") and, if implemented, all recommended provisions
("should") as described. A conformant implementation need not implement optional
provisions ("may") and need not implement them as described.

Unless otherwise specified, the order of precedence of the types of normative
information in this document shall be as follows: Normative prose shall be the
authoritative definition; Tables shall be next; followed by formal languages;
then figures; and then any other language forms.
